Add link to Migrate-from-Newtonsoft doc (#16678)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/whats-new/dotnet-core-3-0.md

### Fast built-in JSON support

> .NET users have largely relied on [Newtonsoft.Json (Json.NET)](https://www.newtonsoft.com/json) and other popular JSON libraries, which continue to be good choices. `Newtonsoft.Json` uses .NET strings as its base datatype, which is UTF-16 under the hood.

Reviewer: nit: I would prefer limiting the use of `Json.NET` within the set of docs. In migration/porting guides, it might be fine to mention once. I am not sure about this case (since this is talking about .NET Core so there is some overloading). But let's **not** set a precedence where "first use" within a doc/page has both names listed. Seeing ".NET" in the name has shown to confuse folks, especially new comers.

> The new built-in JSON support is high-performance, low allocation, and based on `Span<byte>`. For more information about the <xref:System.Text.Json> namespace and types, see the following articles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new built-in JSON support is high-performance, low allocation, and works with UTF-8 encoded JSON text. For more information about the <xref:System.Text.Json> namespace and types, see the following articles:
```
